new era games games for playstation 3
playstation 4 and xbox one on media
digital
and then personal world beauty here good
People, I just had a funk picture.
idea day I'm very excited about
the under sex would assume that his name did not
disappoint me, I even talked about the first
videos was for downloading the ball to me
disappoint me when I left because it was
a selector it you think of a thing
3d v1 movie by seeing a smoke
When you watch, it's not all that but
I do not know how I really am
very excited all day to get there
Tuesday comb play this there is the
next who played and b1 b2 today a à la
us 1 bi
He is controlled by his mother.
two top and trophies my power there and
controls a certain bug
and here in the trailer well say if it goes
saying no
already started telling the story of the type
so the actress dropped the bomb was to
Ending the war is the guy, I said in the beginning.
trailer only that out of this epidemic
so it's more or less explained by
what happens in this epidemic club, right?
no longer gave the names is different was not
starting is also making your
area staff and went wrong is another
story out part but there in the name of
create it as if it were controlled
by a greater power a person under the
control in the area can command a
zombie makes the attack the staff only begins
In this mess everything also came from
drugs in the area have an ex pm the cable is
sent type as bonus to help me
I imagine yours as men as if
I was like, I wanted to make a movie.
about this but maybe the easy one
men it 's like a reality show and
a child then the child watching the
option on vivian in haiti with the areas
It was good, I'll give you an example here.
Hey, it's okay, let's change tanquinho to
He understood that these things that you
knows how to help the sonic the following
Why is it that the son of
will be the end of the show is giving drop here
in the game that was my crazy idea
why not
in men the explanation to samantha or
touches block of finance for us
playing and now is that this is what has
someone against us 1 billion
because even in the previous video first
analysis I did I explained about the
buzz red blue and yellow né
my theory is as follows and does until
a bit of sense to observe the
following having caused an ex or taking
red energy the other is dropping
in the yellow church then to understand that the
zombie top tam natal edson energy a
red where it is red right side
who has climb that is using ex autumn
yellow energy then chose yellow and
so you'll understand
Just there I was confused, it was time.
positioning with drugs and also
found on Sunday here will this
bomb was intentional so to do
story is not to make this story
sumbe and I had this idea in my view
what to bring to you
so we can comment that you
They think I'm going crazy.
crazy or unfit too can not
make you feel very close to the
name of the men to be raised who may have
Do not go or not, suddenly it 's just you.
playing normal and suddenly there is the
double bridge seems normal that suddenly
it does not make sense to one or maybe it 's so a
great master a great boy commanding the
club right then was that there is to this
moment that you found also comments
The theory of you that today sees the drops is
that we found climbing answered to me
the pressure gives the kiss even more than most
live such